README.md, before:

# Talks

## R/Finance 2022 [Alt]

[Treezer Goode: The Curious Tale of a Wood that needed the Trees](http://tharte.github.io/try)

## R/Finance 2024

[A Cunning Plan: The Lambda Calculus, Lisp, Scheme, and R](https://github.com/tharte/al/blob/master/inst/rfinance-2024-harte.pdf)

[R package: al](https://github.com/tharte/al)

## R/Finance 2022

[Treezer Goode: The Curious Tale of a Wood that needed the Trees](https://rinfinance.s3.amazonaws.com/past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2022/ThomasHarte.html)

[Python package: parsearg](https://github.com/tharte/parsearg)

## R/Finance 2019

[Hedging the Unhedgeable: Hedging Risk when Prices are not Observable](https://rinfinance.s3.amazonaws.com/past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2019/ThomasHarte.pdf)

## R/Finance 2018

[Trading the Untradable: Pricing Derivatives when Prices are not Observable](https://github.com/tharte/talks/blob/master/rinfinance-2018.pdf)

## R/Finance 2017

[The PE Package: Modeling Private Equity in the 21st Century](http://past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2017/talk/ThomasHarte.pdf)

## R/Finance 2016

[Modern Bayesian Tools for Time Series Analysis](http://tharte.github.io/mbt)

[Source code](https://github.com/tharte/mbt)

## Time Series & Risk Management: 2015

NYU Courant: 2015-04-14

Baruch College: 2015-04-22

[Two Tools of a Risk Quant: Time Series Analysis and Value at Risk](https://github.com/tharte/talks/blob/master/Baruch_TimeSeries_2015-04-22.pdf)

## R/Finance 2013

[Pricing FX Forwards: Tricks of the Trade](https://rinfinance.s3.amazonaws.com/past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2013/talk/ThomasHarte.pdf)

Commit message:

add permanent link to R/Finance 2022 pages

README.md, after:

# Talks

## R/Finance 2024

[A Cunning Plan: The Lambda Calculus, Lisp, Scheme, and R](https://github.com/tharte/al/blob/master/inst/rfinance-2024-harte.pdf)

[R package: al](https://github.com/tharte/al)

## R/Finance 2022

### Conference site

[Treezer Goode: The Curious Tale of a Wood that needed the Trees](https://rinfinance.s3.amazonaws.com/past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2022/ThomasHarte.html)

### Permanent link (GitHub.io pages)

[Treezer Goode: The Curious Tale of a Wood that needed the Trees](http://tharte.github.io/rfinance-2022)

[Python package: parsearg](https://github.com/tharte/parsearg)

## R/Finance 2019

[Hedging the Unhedgeable: Hedging Risk when Prices are not Observable](https://rinfinance.s3.amazonaws.com/past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2019/ThomasHarte.pdf)

## R/Finance 2018

[Trading the Untradable: Pricing Derivatives when Prices are not Observable](https://github.com/tharte/talks/blob/master/rinfinance-2018.pdf)

## R/Finance 2017

[The PE Package: Modeling Private Equity in the 21st Century](http://past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2017/talk/ThomasHarte.pdf)

## R/Finance 2016

[Modern Bayesian Tools for Time Series Analysis](http://tharte.github.io/mbt)

[Source code](https://github.com/tharte/mbt)

## Time Series & Risk Management: 2015

NYU Courant: 2015-04-14

Baruch College: 2015-04-22

[Two Tools of a Risk Quant: Time Series Analysis and Value at Risk](https://github.com/tharte/talks/blob/master/Baruch_TimeSeries_2015-04-22.pdf)

## R/Finance 2013

[Pricing FX Forwards: Tricks of the Trade](https://rinfinance.s3.amazonaws.com/past.rinfinance.com/agenda/2013/talk/ThomasHarte.pdf)
